docs: Finish infra-controller rename accuracy pass (#3097)
NVIDIA/bare-metal-manager-core: docs/getting-started/quick-start.md

## Step 3 — Configure the Site

Review this entire step **before** running `setup.sh` and complete every item that applies to your environment. Missing required values can cause setup to fail or produce an incorrectly configured deployment that is hard to fix afterward.

### 3a. Set Deployment Environment Variables

```bash
# export KUBECONFIG=/path/to/kubeconfig        # optional if the current kubectl context is correct
export NICO_IMAGE_REGISTRY=my-registry.example.com/nico  # base registry for all NICo images

> export NICO_CORE_IMAGE_TAG=<nico-core-image-tag>  # e.g. v2025.12.30-rc1

Reviewer: I think we should update both of these version to be the same e.g. `v2.0.0`

> export NICO_REST_IMAGE_TAG=<nico-rest-image-tag>      # e.g. v2.0.0

Reviewer 2: Nice to keep things aligned when you can. Alternatively, settle on a convention like "three spaces before inline comments," but an attempt at alignment usually looks better.
```suggestion
# export KUBECONFIG=/path/to/kubeconfig           # optional if the current kubectl context is correct
export NICO_IMAGE_REGISTRY=my-registry.example.com/nico  # base registry for all NICo images
export NICO_CORE_IMAGE_TAG=<nico-core-image-tag>  # e.g. v2.0.0
export NICO_REST_IMAGE_TAG=<nico-rest-image-tag>  # e.g. v2.0.0
```

# Optional for authenticated registries:
# export REGISTRY_PULL_SECRET=<pull-secret-or-api-key>
# export REGISTRY_PULL_USERNAME='$oauthtoken'  # default for NGC API-key auth
```

`NICO_IMAGE_REGISTRY` is used for both NICo Core (`<registry>/nvmetal-carbide`) and NICo REST (`<registry>/nico-rest-*`). Push all images to this registry before running setup.

> For authenticated NGC pulls, obtain an API key at [ngc.nvidia.com](https://ngc.nvidia.com) → **API Keys** → **Generate Personal Key**. `REGISTRY_PULL_SECRET` may remain unset when images are public, preloaded, or an existing pull secret is configured in the values files.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For authenticated NGC pulls, obtain an API key at [ngc.nvidia.com](https://ngc.nvidia.com) → **API Keys** → **Generate Personal Key**. You do not need to set `REGISTRY_PULL_SECRET` when images are public, preloaded, or an existing pull secret is configured in the values files.
```

| Variable | Required | Description |
|----------|----------|-------------|
| `REGISTRY_PULL_SECRET` | No | Raw registry password or API key used to create image pull secrets. |
| `REGISTRY_PULL_USERNAME` | No | Username for generated pull secrets. Defaults to `$oauthtoken`. |
| `NICO_IMAGE_REGISTRY` | Unless `--skip-core --skip-rest` | Base image registry for all NICo images (e.g. `my-registry.example.com/nico`). Used for NICo Core (`<registry>/nvmetal-carbide`) and NICo REST (`<registry>/nico-rest-*`). |

> | `NICO_CORE_IMAGE_TAG` | Unless `--skip-core` | NICo Core image tag (e.g. `v2025.12.30`). |

Reviewer: Same as above.

| `NICO_REST_IMAGE_TAG` | Unless `--skip-rest` | NICo REST image tag (e.g. `v2.0.0`). |

> | `KUBECONFIG` | No | Path to the target cluster kubeconfig. Omit it when the current `kubectl` context is already correct. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `KUBECONFIG` | No | Path to the target cluster kubeconfig. Omit when the current `kubectl` context is already correct. |
```

./setup.sh -y     # non-interactive — deploys everything
```

> Common options can be combined as needed:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can combine common options as needed:
```

| Option | Effect |
|--------|--------|
| `-y` | Accept setup prompts automatically. |
| `--skip-core` | Skip the Phase 6 NICo Core Helm release. |
| `--skip-rest` | Skip all Phase 7 NICo REST phases. |
| `--skip-flow` | Skip Phase 7h NICo Flow. Also set `flow.enabled=false` in `helm-prereqs/values.yaml` to omit Flow prerequisites. |
| `--core-values <file>` | Use site-specific NICo Core values for Phase 6. |
| `--metallb-config <path>` | Use a site-specific MetalLB manifest file or kustomize directory. |
| `--site-overlay <dir>` | Apply a site kustomize overlay after Phase 6. |

> | `--debug` | Enable shell tracing. This may print secrets, so protect the logs. |

Reviewer 2: Unless these can only be specified in this order, I'd suggest sorting the options alphabetically. That'll put phase 7 and 7h out of order, but phase 6 shows up at the bottom right now anyway, so that's clearly not a huge concern.

| 4 | Vault init + unseal + SSH host key |
| 5 | external-secrets + nico-prereqs + nico-pg-cluster |
| 6 | **NICo Core** (nico helm release) |
| 7a-7g | **NICo REST** base stack (source and CA setup, PostgreSQL, Keycloak, Temporal, REST services) |
| 7h | **NICo Flow** (Flow, PSM, and NSM), unless `--skip-flow` is used |
| 7i | **NICo REST site-agent** |

The following components are deployed:

> ```text

Reviewer 2: Keep the comment alignments consistent here. Several are off by one or two
